fix(p-as-heading): `p-as-heading` rule to account for `textContent` length (#3145)
dequelabs/axe-core: doc/check-options.md

  { "size": 1.4 }
]</code></pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
     <td>
        <code>passLength</code>
      </td>
      <td align="left">
        <pre lang=js><code>"passLength": 1</code></pre>
        </td>

>       <td align="left">Valid length used to check if a paragraph element is not being used as a heading</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left">Relative length, if the the candidate heading is X times or greater the length of the candidate paragraph, it will pass.</td>
```

      </tr>
       <tr>
     <td>
        <code>faiLength</code>
      </td>
      <td align="left">
        <pre lang=js><code>"failLength": 0.5</code></pre>
        </td>

>       <td align="left">Invalid length used to check if a paragraph element is being used as a heading</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left">Relative length, if the the candidate heading is X times or less the length of the candidate paragraph, it can fail.</td>
```
